Meeting Agenda

  Date: 03-18

  Facilitator: -

  Participants: Anna Nylander, Ivar Josefsson, André Samuelsson, Alma Ottedag

1. Objectives (5 min) Resolve any issues preventing the team to 
  continue (this should be possible to verify at next meeting, 
  short clear description, use issues from project site). 

Determine what project the group should do. Achieve a preliminary shared vision of


2. Reports (15 min) From previous meetings, (un)solved issues, 

None, first meeting


3. Discussion items (35 min) 
We want to make a realtime based game, but not just a "stupid" actiongame where you blow things up with a weapon. 
We're more intrested in creating a game which leans more towards puzzles. (maybe with a timelimit?) The game will
be a networked multiplayer game. Whether we use a server or P2P is uncertain. The game should also support different
levels.

We're not sure if maybe networking and puzzle is a bad combination due to the devided focus. 

We need to determine project, we had the following ideas
Brainstorming
Puzzle:
Portal
topdown with pushing objects
Puzzel using the accelerator (Android)
Action:
Bossfighter
Defense - Sealhunter inspiered 
Shoot - Versus 1v1
- Bomberman
Other:
- Advance Wars 2
- Luigi’s Mansion (hero vs monster)
- Roguelike
- Cardgame

Roleplay
Werewolf simulator
Live roleplay
-lumberjack simulator
-Visual Novel 

Utility applications
Visual Novel Creator         


4. Outcomes and assignments (5 min) 

We finally succeeded in decided what project we want to make. We're aiming for our game to be a 
2D topdown (pokemon/zelda view) multiplayer adveture game containing puzzle elements as well as action. One could compare it to 
the classical "The legend of Zelda" games for NES except our game will only be inside 1 dungeon and it will
allow several players. The game will also have fixed rooms with doors or portals between them.


5. Wrap up 

Next meeting:
We need to prepare use cases for the first version of the project, that is to be done by week 3 LP4. 

To do in order of importance:
A player character that can move
In a room
Second player can connect
Offensive action
Enemies



